The United States' top health official says electronic cigarettes can cause health problems for young people.
Surgeon General Vivek Murthy released his first report on e‑cigarettes this week.
**release a report(发布报告)，report on sth(关于...的报告)**
He called the devices a public health threat to America's youth.
**call A B(把 A 称为 B)**
The Surgeon General is the U.S. government's top medical officer.
He uses scientific information to give the best advice for improving health and reducing the risk of sickness and injury.
**use A to do B：使用A来做B，reduce the risk of ...：降低...的风险**
Most electronic cigarettes use nicotine, a chemical found in tobacco plants, just like traditional cigarettes.
**found in：存在于/可见于**
But users do not light e‑cigarettes because they are powered by a battery.
**be power by...：由...供电/驱动**
They usually also contain flavoring and other chemicals.
E‑cigarettes have increasingly grown in popularity nationwide since 2010.
**grow in popularity：越来越受欢迎/流行，since + 时间点：自…以来**
Officials say the devices are now the most used tobacco product by American youth and young adults.
**the most + 过去分词 + 名词：最常被……的**
In releasing the report, Surgeon General Murthy said the rising popularity of e‑cigarettes is hurting past efforts to reduce tobacco use among young people.
**rising popularity：越来越流行，efforts to do sth：做某事的努力**
"It also threatens 50 years of hard‑fought progress that we have made curbing tobacco use.
**hard-fought progress：来之不易的成果，have made progress：取得进展**
 And it places a whole new generation at risk for addiction to nicotine..."
**places A at risk：使A处于风险中**
He also said the new report is meant to help families and communities understand the scientific reasons why e‑cigarettes are harmful.
**is meant to do sth：用来做某事**
"The message from the report is clear. Nicotine‑containing products in any form, including e‑cigarettes, are not safe for youth."
**in any form：无论何种形式**
The Surgeon General's report notes that nicotine is a highly addictive chemical.Users can develop a dependence on the drug.
**dependence on...：对……的依赖/产生依赖，对……**
The report says nicotine can harm brain development in teenagers and young adults.
Murthy said those harmful effects can include deficits in attention and learning reduced impulse control, and mood disorders.
The report notes research showing that young people who use e‑cigarettes are more likely to use traditional cigarettes.
It also found that chemicals sent into the air by e‑cigarettes can harm the users and people around them.
Supporters of e‑cigarette use have suggested that the devices can help smokers of traditional cigarettes cut back or even stop smoking.
**cut back：减少**
But Murthy said there is no evidence to back up this claim.
**to back up：去支持**
He said millions more children are now being exposed to nicotine through e‑cigarettes.
**millions more...：又有数百万…**
Murthy noted that he is keeping an open mind to see if future evidence proves that e‑cigarettes can help adults stop smoking.
**keeping an open mind：不带偏见，to see if：去看看是否…**
The report calls for restrictions on the amount of advertising used in e‑cigarette ad campaigns.
**calls for：强烈要求”、“呼吁，restrictions on the amount of：限制...的数量**
It also urges national educational programs to inform young people about the risks of the devices.
The Surgeon General said U.S. officials need to act now to help create a healthy, tobacco‑free generation.
In a public service video message, Murthy gives a strong warning to parents.
"Your kids are not an experiment. Protect them from e‑cigarettes." I'm Bryan Lynn.