# 1
    v: bear-bore-borne
turn round    in the end     
private  adj
    He goes to a private school. He doesn't go to a private school
    Does he go to a private school? What does he go *to ?
conversation  n   (have a conversation)
    I had a conversation with him yesterday. I didn't have a conversation with him yesterday.
    Did you have a conversation with him yesterday.  What did you *do with him yesterday?
    Who did you have a conversation *with yesterday?  Who had a conversation with him yesterday?
theatre cinema  n    (go to the theatre)
    I've never been to the theatre. I've been to the theatre.  He has gone to the theatre
    Have you ever been to the theatre? *Where have you ever been? *Where has he gone?
seat  n   (have a good seat)
    He has a good seat. He doesn't have a good seat.  Does he have a good seat?
    What does he have?  He had a good seat yesterday.  Did he have a good seat yesterday?
play  n
    I am going to watch a play with my bro.  I'm not going to watch a play with my bro.
    Are you going to watch a play with *your bro?  Who are you going to watch a play with?
    What are you going to *to with your bro?  Who *is going to watch a play with your bro?
loudly  adv
    You are talking too loudly.  You're not talking loudly.
    Are you talking too loudly?  Who *is talking too loudly?  *What are you talking *about?
angry  adj    angrily  adv    (get angry)
    He was very angry yesterday,   He got very angry yesterday.
    Was he very angry yesterday?   Did he get very angry yesterday?
    Who was very angry yesterday?   Who got very angry yesterday?
    *How was he yesterday?          *How angry did he get yesterday?
    *When was he very angry ?       When did he get very angry?
attention  n   (pay attention) 
    They did not pay any attention.  Did they pay any attention?
    Who did not pay any attention?  They didn't pay any attention.
*bear-bore-borne  v   (couldn't bear it)
    I could not bear it yesterday.  I can bear it.  I can't bear it.
    Can you bear it?  What can you bear?  Who can bear it?
business  n    (It's none of you business)
    He has a small business.  He *doesn't has a small business.
    *Does he a small business? What has he? Who has a small business?
rudly  adv    rude  adj
    He was talking to her rudely. Who is he talking to rudley?.
    He's not talking to her rudley. Is he talking to her rudley?
    How is he taling to her?  Who is talking to her rudley?

# 2
    ring-rang-rung  repeat  v  
get up early/late
    I never get up early on Sunday. Do you never get up early on Sunday?
    When do you never get up early? What do you never do on Sunday?
until
    I sometimes stay in bed until lunchtime.  Do you sometimes stay in bed until lunchtime?
    How often do you stay in bed until lunchtime?
outside  adv   inside
    It was dark outside.  Was it dark outside?  Where was it dark? 
    There is a dog outside. Is there a dog outside? What is there outside
*ring-rang-rung  v
    The telephone rang.  Did the telephone ring?  When did the telephone ring?
    What ring?   The phone rings at 8 every night.  *Does the phone ring at 8 every night.
aunt  uncle  n
    I met her aunt yesterday.  I didn't meet her aunt yesterday.
    Did you meet her aunt yesterday? When did you meet her aunt?
    Who did you meet yesterday?   Who met her aunt yesterday?
*repeat  v
    You can repeat your question.  You could repeat your question yeaterday.
    Can you repeat your question?  What can you repeat? You can't repeat your question.
