
Welcome to Machine Learning.
What is Machine Learning?
You probably use it many times today without even knowing it.
**without even knowing it：不知不觉。without even doing.. = “连……都没有**
Anytime you want to find out something like, how do I make a sushi roll?
**anytime+做某事 = 每当...时候，find out something：弄清楚/查明**
You can do a web search on Google Bing or Baidu to find out.
And that works so well because their machine learning software has figured out how to rank web pages
**something works well: 某事/方法非常好，figure out：弄清楚**
Or when you upload pictures to Instagram or Snapchat and think to yourself, I want to tag my friends so they can see their pictures.
**think to yourself：你内心暗想，so：为了、以便，so sb can sth：好让sb可以..**
Well, these apps can recognize your friends in your pictures and label them as well.
That's also machine learning.
Or if you've just finished watching a Star Wars movie on the video streaming service and you think, what other similar movies could I watch?
**what other similar...：还有什么类似的…**
Well, the streaming service will likely use machine learning to recommend something that you might like.
**will likely：很有可能**
Each time you use voice to text on your phone to write a text message, Hey Andrew, how's it going? Or tell your phone:hey, siri,show me Indian restaurants near me. That's also machine learning.
**Each time you..or..：每次你无论..还是..，use voice to text：语音转文字，**
Each time you receive an email titled, “congratulations, you've won a million dollars“. Well maybe a bit ridiculous-or more likely, your email service will probably flag it as spam.That too is an application of machine learning.
**flag A as B：把A标记为B**
Beyond consumer applications that you might use, AI is also rapidly making its way into big companies and into industrial applications.
**making its way into：进入**
For example, I'm deeply concerned about climate change and I'm glad to see that machine learning is already hoping to optimize wind turbine power generation.
Or in healthcare, it's starting to make its way into hospitals to hope doctors make accurate diagnoses.
Or recently at Learning AI, I've been doing a lot of work putting computer vision into factories to hope inspect if something coming off the assembly line has any defects.
That's machine learning.
It's a science of getting computers to learn without being explicitly programmed.
In this class, you learn about machine learning and get to implement machine learning in code yourself.
Millions of others have taken the earlier version of this course, which is a course that led to the founding of Coursera.
And many learners ended up building exciting machine learning systems or even pursuing very successful careers in AI.
I'm excited that you're on this journey with me.
Welcome and let's get started.
In this class, you learn about the state-of-the-art and also practice implementing machine learning algorithms yourself.
**state-of-the-art：最前沿技术**
You learn about the most important machine learning algorithms, some of which are exactly what's being used in large AI or large tech companies todayand you get sense of what is the state-of-the-art in AI.
Beyond learning the algorithms though, in this class, you also learn all the important practical tips and tricks for making them perform well,and you get to implement them and see how they work for yourself.
So why is machine learning so widely used today?
Machine learning had grown up as a subfield of AI or artificial intelligence.
We wanted to build intelligent machines and it turns out that there are a few big of things that we could program a machine to do such as how to find the shortest path from A to B like in your GPS.
But for the most part, we just did not know how to write an explicit program to do many of the more interesting things such as perform web search, recognize human speech, diagnose diseases from x-rays or build a self-driving car. 
The only way we knew how to do these things was to have a machine learn to do it by itself.
For me, when I found it and was leading the Google Brain team, I worked on problems like speech recognition, computer vision for Google Maps, review images and advertising.
Or leading AI at Baidu, I worked on everything from AI for augmented reality to combating payment forward to leading a self driving car team.
Most recently, at Learning AI, AI funded Stanford University, I've been etting to work on AI applications in manufacturing, large-scale agriculture, healthcare e-commerce and other problems.
Today, there are hundreds of thousands, perhaps millions of people working on machine learning applications who could tell you similar more stories about their work with machine learning.
When you've learned these skills, I hope that you too will find it great fun to dabble in exciting different applications and maybe even different industries.
In fact, I find it hard to think of any industry that machine learning is unlikely to touch in a significant way now or in the near future.
Looking even further into the future, many people, including me, are excited about the AI dream of someday building machines as intelligent as you or me.
This is sometimes called Artificial General Intelligence or AGI.
I think AGI has been overhyped and we're still a long way away from that goal.
I don't know if it will take 50 years or 500 years or longer to get there, but most AI researchers believe that the best way to get closer to what that goal is by using learning algorithms, maybe once that takes some inspiration from how the human brain works.
You also hear a little more about this quest for AGI later in this course.
According to a study by McKinsey, AI and machine learning is estimated to create an additional 13 trillion  dollars of value annually by the year 2030.
Even though machine learning is already creating tremendous amounts of value in the software industry, I think there could be even vastly greater value that is yet to be created outside the software industry, in sectors such as retail, travel, transportation, automotive, materials, manufacturing and so on.
Because of the massive untouched opportunities across so many different sectors, today there was a vast, unfulfilled demand for this skill set.
That's why this is such a great time to be learning about machine learning.
If you find machine learning applications exciting, I hope you stick with me through this class.
I can almost guarantee that you find mastering these skills worthwhile.
In the next video, we'll look at a more formal definition of what is machine learning.
And we'll begin to talk about the main types of machine learning problems and algorithms.
You pick up some of the main machine learning terminology and start to get a sense of what are the different algorithms and when each one might be appropriate.
So let's go on to the next video.